Limit number of fleets & spawn specified number when entering system (#8082)
endless-sky/endless-sky: tests/integration/config/plugins/integration-tests/data/tests/tests_spawn_limits.txt

			crew 1
			fuel 300
			shields 600
			hull 1000
			position 0 0
			engine -9 38 1
			engine 9 38 1
			system "Terra Incognita"
			planet Ruin
		account
			credits 100000000
			score 400
			history
		visited "Terra Incognita"
		"visited planet" Ruin
		conditions
			"Ruin: Landing: offered"
		event
			date 1 1 3012
			system "Terra Incognita"
				fleet "Non-Disabled A Test Fleet"
					category test
					period 1
					non-disabled limit 1
					ignore enemy strength
				fleet "Disabled B Test Fleet"
					category test
					period 1
					limit 3
					ignore enemy strength
				fleet "Disabled C Test Fleet"
					category test
					period 1
					limit 0
					initial count 1
					ignore enemy strength
				fleet "Disabled 2 Test Fleet"
					period 100000000
					limit 0
					initial count 1

fleet "Non-Disabled A Test Fleet"
	government "Test Government 1 A"
	cargo 0
	personality staying heroic
	variant 60
		"Aphid"

fleet "Disabled B Test Fleet"
	government "Test Government 1 B"
	cargo 0
	personality staying derelict heroic
	variant 60
		"Star Barge"

fleet "Disabled C Test Fleet"
	government "Test Government 1 C"
	cargo 0
	personality staying derelict heroic
	variant 60
		"Shuttle"

> government "Test Government 1 A"

Reviewer: We dont need all of these governments, that said since this is an integration test it doesnt need to be smart

Author: This is the only way to detect which ship is which in the boarding missions.

mission "Board 2"
	assisting
	repeat
	source
		government "Test Government 2"
	on offer
		"test: Test Government 2 boarded" ++
	destination "Earth"

ship "Kasichara A'awoj" "Big Ship"
	outfits
		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Systems Core (Small)"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 2
		"Small Heat Shunt" 3
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Luxury Accommodations"
		"Microbot Defense Station" 23
		"Thermal Repeater Rifle" 548

fleet "Disabled 2 Test Fleet"
	government "Test Government 2"
	cargo 0
	personality staying derelict
	variant 60
		"Big Ship"

test "Spawn Limit Tests"
	status active
	description "Tests if random interval and system entry fleet spawn limits work."
	sequence
		inject "Spawn Limits Test"
		call "Load First Savegame"
		watchdog 12000
		call "Depart"
		# Wait for 10 seconds to drift away from the planet.
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = 10 * 60
		# empty input to make time pass
		input

		# Board first ship.
		input
			command board
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = 3 * 60
		label wait1
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = "test: steps to wait" - 1
		branch wait1
			"test: steps to wait" > 0

		# Board second ship.
		input
			command board
		apply

> 			"test: steps to wait" = 3 * 60

Reviewer: Why do you skip a given amoint of time when you could just check if the boarding mission was offered?
You should add a watchdog too

Author: Don't I need to wait for the ship to arrive, and the pilot confusion to expire before sending the board command again? Otherwise, it'll just go to the same ship.

Reviewer: I'm confused what you're doing here anyway
Why not just make the mission blow the ship off once you're done, using a launch endpoint?

Author: Then another ship will appear because a limit is no longer reached (number of fleets decreased by 1).

Author: I will add a comment explaining how the test works. It has to be designed quite precisely to test the different spawn rate limits.

		label wait2
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = "test: steps to wait" - 1
		branch wait2
			"test: steps to wait" > 0

		# Board third ship.
		input
			command board
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = 3 * 60
		label wait3
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = "test: steps to wait" - 1
		branch wait3
			"test: steps to wait" > 0

		# Hopefully board no other ships.
		input
			command board
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = 3 * 60
		label wait4
		apply
			"test: steps to wait" = "test: steps to wait" - 1
		branch wait4
			"test: steps to wait" > 0

		assert
			not "test: Test Government 1 A boarded"
		assert
			"test: Test Government 1 B boarded" == 1
		assert
			"test: Test Government 1 C boarded" == 1
		assert

> 			"test: Test Government 2 boarded" == 1

Reviewer: You can do all of these in the same assert
If you want to know which failed just apply them into "test: <name>"

Author: I don't understand. What does this mean?

>  If you want to know which failed just apply them into "test: "

I want to know which one failed, and I am unaware of any other way.

Reviewer: Alr lemme suggest a change that'll do it

> 		assert
> 			not "test: Test Government 1 A boarded"
> 		assert
> 			"test: Test Government 1 B boarded" == 1
> 		assert
> 			"test: Test Government 1 C boarded" == 1
> 		assert
> 			"test: Test Government 2 boarded" == 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		# store the conditions in test variables so we know which one fails
		apply
			"Test Government 1 A boarded" == "test: Test Government 1 A boarded"
			"Test Government 1 B boarded" == "test: Test Government 1 B boarded"
			"Test Government 1 C boarded" == "test: Test Government 1 C boarded"
			"Test Government 2 boarded" == "test: Test Government 2 boarded"
		assert
			"test: Test Government 1 A boarded" == 0
			"test: Test Government 1 B boarded" == 1
			"test: Test Government 1 C boarded" == 1
			"test: Test Government 2 boarded" == 1
```
like this, I do it in all my integration tests
